[IMAGE: Shonen anime] In anime, shonen in particular, characters will often have incredible powers that will set them aside from the rest of the characters.
[IMAGE: Overpowered anime characters] you will find that the entire anime's reputation is particularly based on the main character's abilities whether it is magic or other
super natural forms of power.
[IMAGE: strength anime characters]
But some characters, however, manage to be heroes in their own way, meaning that they don't actually posses powers.
they go by sheer strength and will power instead. In this video you will see 10 anime characters who are overpowered without super powers.

[IMAGE: assassination classroom anime 7] [VOICE: I] Coming at number 10, nagisa Shiota from assassination classroom. Nagisa's physical abilities are mediocre, and it worthy to note that he is one of the weakest amongst the boys as his constitution and strength are more easily comparable to a female of his age. However, Nagisa has an extraordinary amount of natural talent as an assassin due to his impressive observant nature, his remarkable stealthy movements, and his incredible bloodlust, to the point that he was described by Korosensei to be a 'pure assassin'. This inclination has also been made apparent numerous times during the span of the story, such as his duels against Tataoka, his fight against Karma, and finally Korosensei. Several other characters such as Karma and Maehara have noted that he is full of surprises - one can never know when or where Nagisa will aim to strike, and his talent in the art of assassination has garnered respect from even those who are not his peers to the point that others have commented on the potential Nagisa possessed that could be fulfilled in the role of a professional hitman. In the end, though, Nagisa does not pursue this path and decides to use his abilities to help others in the same way Korosensei did: teaching to a "problematic class".[/VOICE]
[IMAGE: no game no life anime 4] [VOICE: I] And at number 9, we have sora from no game no life. Despite being a shut-in, Sora has incredible superhuman charisma and eloquence. He is an excellent and natural speaker, always knowing exactly what to say to get others on his side. He has no problems dealing with people or groups, after overcoming the initial shock. While not as intelligent as Shiro in calculations, he is shown to have a brilliant super-genius IQ and an eidetic memory which enables him to quickly learn, understand and easily recall limitless amounts of information perfectly and rapidly. This is demonstrated during his card game with Stephanie. Rather than computing numbers like Shiro, Sora can quickly determine what his opponents are going to do based on observation of their behavior and motivations, a technique called "cold reading". His amazing observational and deductive skills help him come up with complex plans quickly and efficiently. This is shown during his game against Jibril and when he figured out the previous King's plan to beat the Werebeast. He was even able to learn to read Immanity-go (language) in just about one hour slower than his sister (self-proclaimed).[/VOICE]